# CLI

<!-- <NpmBadge package="@zeronejs/cli" /> -->

The Zerone command line interface is provided by the [@zeronejs/cli](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@zeronejs/cli) .
```bash
npm i -g @zeronejs/cli
```

Execute `zerone --help` to get the following help information:

```bash
Usage: zerone <command> [options]

Options:
  -v, --version   Output the current version.
  -h, --help      Output usage information.

Commands:
  new|n [name]    Generate New Zerone application.
  build           ts is packaged as js
  info|i          Display Zerone project details.
  generate|g      Generate a Zerone CRUD element
  help [command]  display help for command
```
## info

Output information about the current system and dependencies.

Use this command whenever you want to check your environment or submit an Issue.
```bash
zerone info
```
## new

Create a new Zerone project.

```bash
Usage: zerone new|n [options] [name]

Generate New Zerone application.

Options:
  -h, --help  Output usage information.
```

## generate
Typically, during development, every time we create a table, we need to create a CRUD interface or service associated with it, which is a lot of C/V operations, creating multiple
File, which involves multiple operations such as renaming, is a waste of time and no technical improvement.

And when junior developers do this, they often get stuck due to low-level mistakes like copying or renaming.

`generate`is designed to help developers reduce rework and help you get things done over a cup of tea. And the code generated by the program is named correctly, there will be no low-level errors.
<!-- ::: tip
您仅需写一个表结构，执行一行命令，即可生成 CRUD
::: -->
`generate`reads all *.entity.ts files in the current command line directory and generates CRUD associated with them, all you need to do is write a [table structure](https://typeorm.io/#/entities).
::: tip
The generated Module class needs to be imported into the root Module.
:::

```bash
Usage: zerone generate|g [options]

Generate a Zerone CRUD element

Options:
  -h, --help  Output usage information.
```

## build

It compiles ts files in packaged projects, which differ from `tsc` in that it can copy other files such as package.json, etc.
::: tip
This is helpful if you are a library developer.

But in real development, you may not need it, so use `npm run build`。
:::

```bash
Usage: zerone build [options]

ts is packaged as js

Options:
  -h, --help  Output usage information.
```

